In the last two lectures we created two tests and both were testing the storm method of our post controller.
Once with the followed parameters when we expected everything to go fine.
And then secondly we create.
We created a test that verified that when we provide invalid parameters we get validation errors.
So as I said previously now we will create a brand new test for testing the Update method of our post
controller.
So we will be testing if we sent the valid parameters for an existing blog post that it gets modified
properly so let's create a new method called Test update valid.
So now in this case we will have to prepare something in advance.
So this is our orange section.
We can copy this blog post because we first have to create a blog post inside that database and only
then we will verify if it actually gets modified.
So what we can also use here is this assertion assert database has
so as I said previously we can use this assertion to verify that inside specific database table we can
find our record by specific columns.
So in this case we are searching for a blog post which will have the title new title but alternatively
you can also use the method of the log quant models which is to array and this will convert all the
attributes which means columns of this blog post instance to an array and then we can try to find it
exactly by all the columns that this particular instance of the blog post does have.
So let's go ahead and run this test to see if everything works OK.
So we have passed the new assertion last time we had 16 associates so it works so far so we have now
verified that we have a blog post and that it is actually inside the database.
So now we will make a request with the parameters we can.
For simplicity we can just copy this part of code
and now we should invent some title and content that will modify this original one to
so we can go with anything that is valid.
OK so those are the parameters that we are gonna send to that posts end point but this time we would
have to use another end point of course.
We do not create a new blog post we modify the existing one so we have to modify the you URL
so this would be posts but with the post I D.
So we can actually use the post that we have stored and fetch that I d column of it and also let's around
peach be artisan route least use our update action and as you can see we have to use either poot or
puff H CTP verbs.
So let's use sport so it's not a post HDP request.
It will be put H TTP request and this stays the same because we expect this end point to redirect to
the blog post.
But with the changed data and we do not expect errors.
Instead we expect this status to be present.
Now we can also use our existing assertion to verify the content of this status message so let's recap.
We are doing a put request to modify the blog post that we have just created.
First we verified that it actually exists inside the database.
So this blog post with the new title as a title.
Then we specify parameters that we want to modify it and we make a put request to this blog post you
url.
We expect the 302.
So we expect it to be redirected to the blog post page and we want the status to beta but obviously
it won't be the blog post was created.
It was something else so let's see how does it do.
Now we have one failure and this was expected because our message wasn't blog post was created.
Actually it was a blog post was updated so we can copy that from the terminal and modify this message.
Now let's rerun the test and now everything is fine so it seems that our update endpoint is working
properly but now we can do even more assertions.
So first we did this asset database has so let's copy the but this time we can use another assertion
called assert database missing and what we are doing here is after we have verified that this endpoint
went through properly that we see the message we should now check that the original blog post with the
title new title and this content couldn't be found.
So that would mean that this was actually modified so let's run this.
So it is passing.
So it means that it can't find a blog post with this title which is what we expected.
And if we want we can also check if we can find the blog post we've Daniel title
so the new title is our new named title
so paste it here and now we basically check everything so nothing can go wrong.